#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
africastalking==1.2.8
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
coverage==7.6.1
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
django==4.2.16
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangorestframework
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
django-environ==0.11.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
execnet==2.1.1
    # via pytest-xdist
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
josepy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
mozilla-django-oidc==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
packaging==24.1
    # via pytest
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
psycopg==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
psycopg-binary==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   josepy
pytest==8.3.3
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.9.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-mock==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-xdist==3.6.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   africastalking
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
schema==0.7.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   africastalking
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   psycopg
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
